README.md, before:

# hemiPVT

## Design

duration 16 min: 2 x 4 of each condition (for loop of list of conditions)
(for loop of blocks)

while block running, present circle with pos randomly determined
circle diameter gets reduced as a % of timer and total timer time, freezes and turns green if caught in time

## Todo

- fix visuals
- include audio
- triggers

### Eventual TODOs

## How to make it executable

1. make sure there is the file exp-hemiPVT
2. run `code ~/.bashrc` in terminal
3. add at the bottom: `export PATH=~/Projects/hemi-pvt/:$PATH`

Then from a new terminal, you can run directly `exp-hemiPVT` and it starts!

## How to reproduce the env

- run `cp {env} .`
- run `pyvenv env`

## How to measure timing

1. Set the stimulus position to always be 0.0, and the color to be blue, and the ISI (inter stimulus interval) is between 1 and 2
2. on an iphone 6 or later (but better if less than XR), download the app "is it snappy"
3. start recording just before starting the task, such that the key you will press and the screen are both in view
4. play the task at least 20 trials
5. on the app, reveiw the video
   - go frame by frame until you reach the first frame in which the stimulus appears
   - mark this as "input" in the bottom left
   - continue until the first frame in which you visibily see the key being pressed down, mark this as "output"
     the app will calculate the difference in miliseconds. repeat until desired.
6. open the output, identify the corresponding reaction times, subtract, and determine the average difference between filmed RTs and computer recorded RTs

## Notes

unlike with countdown, less motivation to improve score

Commit message:

made environment specify participant name and ID

README.md, after:

# hemiPVT

## how to run

- in terminal write:
- `export participant=P00 session=1`
- `exp-hemi-pvt`

## Design

duration 16 min: 2 x 4 of each condition (for loop of list of conditions)
(for loop of blocks)

while block running, present circle with pos randomly determined
circle diameter gets reduced as a % of timer and total timer time, freezes and turns green if caught in time

## Todo

- fix visuals
- include audio
- triggers

### Eventual TODOs

## How to make it executable

1. make sure there is the file exp-hemiPVT
2. run `code ~/.bashrc` in terminal
3. add at the bottom: `export PATH=~/Projects/hemi-pvt/:$PATH`

Then from a new terminal, you can run directly `exp-hemiPVT` and it starts!

## How to reproduce the env

- run `cp {env} .`
- run `pyvenv env`

## How to measure timing

1. Set the stimulus position to always be 0.0, and the color to be blue, and the ISI (inter stimulus interval) is between 1 and 2
2. on an iphone 6 or later (but better if less than XR), download the app "is it snappy"
3. start recording just before starting the task, such that the key you will press and the screen are both in view
4. play the task at least 20 trials
5. on the app, reveiw the video
   - go frame by frame until you reach the first frame in which the stimulus appears
   - mark this as "input" in the bottom left
   - continue until the first frame in which you visibily see the key being pressed down, mark this as "output"
     the app will calculate the difference in miliseconds. repeat until desired.
6. open the output, identify the corresponding reaction times, subtract, and determine the average difference between filmed RTs and computer recorded RTs

## Notes

unlike with countdown, less motivation to improve score
